# Constructors


## Constructors

Functions, that are supposed to be called with 'new' and return an object with the given properties. 

The `new` keyword makes function create a new object, appoint it to 'this', then passes to the constructor-function. It can use `this.field = ...` notation to fill it with props and methods. In the end, the created and filled object is returned. If function returns another object explicitly - it will be returned instead. 

```js
function User(name){
    this.name = name
    this.sayHi = () => {
        return `Hi, ${this.name}`
	}	
}

const max = new User('Max')		// User { name: 'Max', sayHi: function }
max.callPrivate()		// ["hidden!", "private"]
```
// If you call 'User' w/o 'new', it will just execute as regular function and use the global object as 'this'



// 

function User(name){
    this.name = name // ignored in the final object
    return { ops: 'something' }
}
var max = new User('max') // {ops: "something"} 

// if not - it's ignored.
function User(name){
    this.name = name
    return 1
}
var max = new User('max') // User { name: "max" }



// https://learn.javascript.ru/constructor-new#sozdayom-accumulator
/* Object that Accumulator creates should:
- Store the “current value” in the property value. The starting value is set to the argument of the constructor startingValue.
- The read() method should use prompt to read a new number and add it to value.
In other words, the value property is the sum of all user-entered values with the initial value startingValue.
*/
function Accumulator(startingValue){
    this.value = startingValue
    this.read = () => {
        this.value += +prompt("New value to add: ", "5")
    }
}

let accumulator = new Accumulator(1); // initial value 1
accumulator.read(); // adds the user-entered value
accumulator.read(); // adds the user-entered value
alert(accumulator.value); // shows the sum of these values

